IBM Power and Z documentation for Quay (#836)
quay/quay-docs: modules/georepl-intro.adoc

[id="georepl-intro"]
= Geo-replication

[NOTE]
====

> Currently, this feature is not supported on IBM Power and IBM Z.

Reviewer: For consistency with the rest of the notes: 

```suggestion
Currently, the geo-replication feature is not supported on IBM Power and IBM Z.
```
